- Previously
on the "Real Housewives
of Beverly Hills"...
- We want to finally do
our girls' trip to La Quinta.
- I may have
to call Naomi Campbell
and get her HAZMAT suit.
-
Yeah, exactly.
- Do they have a man here
that can help?
Some of it's heavy.
- I don't have help here.
Did you bring a house man?
- Something broke today
about her and Tom being sued.
- Wow, this is on "Fox News."
- It's everywhere.
- I ask myself,
what else is coming?
- Do you have any idea?
- None.
It's not just Tom
going down with the ship.
He's taking us all down
with it.
- I'm sorry.
- Kyle, this is so hard to do.
This is so hard.
What's happening is so hard.
- Do we know how it went
with Tom today?
- The government froze
all of his assets
because at least $2 million
was used inappropriately.
- He was cheating on you.
- The divorce, the affairs.
I mean, how do you process
all of this?
- This is my life.
Good morning.
- Good morning.
- I see dirty dishes.
- You know what, I'm trying
to just look beyond right now.
Look beyond the dirty dishes.
- Okay, yes.
- Good morning, sunshine.
- Good morning.
- Ugh, this house.
- We need
to have somebody come.
- They're coming.
- Oh, my God.
- Good morning.
- Good morning, Dorit.
- I need coffee so bad.
Do you not feel sick?
- Oh, my God, yeah.
I have a wee little bit
of a headache.
After Erika left last night,
there was heavy conversation.
- You guys have fun.
Enjoy.
- See you tomorrow.
Have a nice time at the hotel.
- You guys, the stress
this must be causing her.
- Look what she's lived with
and what she's held inside.
- It reminds me
of the Madoff thing.
Like, what is
actually happening?
- Why? I don't know why
it turned into a dance party.
Because we like to have fun!
- Go, Doogie, go!
Whoo!
-
- By the way--ah!
Okay, I want to sit down
and have my coffee
so I can feel
like a human being,
'cause I am not
quite a human yet.
- Did you drink a lot
last night?
- What is this?
- What?
- Wait, what?
- What? What? What?
What's happening?
- Is Tom in the hospital?
- What does it say?
- It says "hospitalized
for serious illness."
- What?
- Right now, he's hospitalized?
- No. Wait, hold on.
- Saying that
Tom was hospitalized.
But we're trying to figure out
if it was or he is.
I think--it said he was,
but I don't think he is now.
- He was hospitalized, it said?
He was?
- His attorneys are coming out
and saying this right now.
They're saying that he suffered
a serious illness
in recent months for which
he needed to be hospitalized,
meaning he was, but not now.
- There's so much stuff
she can't talk about.
- There's a lot going on. Yeah.
- Oh, my God.
This has got--
it's, like, never-ending.
- No, he's--it's over for him.
- Every day,
there is a new story.
New allegations.
-
- Every day,
she's dealing with this.
- Morning!
Good morning.
- Hi.
- How are you guys?
How'd you guys sleep?
- Slept well, a little tired.
- I slept good, actually.
- Oh, good.
- Those are cute pants.
- Thanks.
- Very cute.
- So what's the plan?
- The plan is--
well, I have electric bikes,
if you guys want to--
whoever wants to go for a ride.
- I'll do it.
- I'll go.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, I might be
a little scared.
I'm accident-prone.
I really like feet
on the ground.
I'm a feet-on-the-ground
kind of girl.
- I'm gonna go get ready.
- Yeah, same.
- Okay.
- Okay?
- Hi, guys.
- Good morning.
- How's it going, y'all?
- You look cute.
How was your bed?
- The bed is actually soft.
But I couldn't go to sleep.
I'm hungry.
- There's muffins out there.
- Good morning, Erika!
Did you sleep at all?
A little bit. Okay.
- A little bit.
Last night was really intense.
- All right.
I'm gonna hug you anyway.
- And with the lawsuits
and hearings
and everything else
that's happening around me,
there's a lot of anxiety
right now.
- Here's our biking queen.
- Hi.
Are you coming biking, honey?
- I'm kind of tired,
so I'll stay back.
- I know Erika holds things
close to her chest,
but I don't think it hit me
that she really was
going through such a hard time
until last night.
I hated when I read
his legal team
asked the court to not allow
you to have spousal support.
- Yeah.
- I don't begrudge Erika
for not sharing
how bad her life was.
But sometimes you wonder,
why doesn't she trust me?
Why doesn't she feel
comfortable opening up
about her struggles?
- You guys,
go have a good time.
I'm fine.
- Come on, my loves.
Are we going? All right.
- Yeah. Let's go.
- Okay, bye, guys.
- Bye, guys.
- Bye.
Oh, wow.
- Oh.
- Let's do this.
- Ready?
- On your mark. Get set.
Go!
- Go, guys. Go!
- Whoo!
- Whoo--oh, my God.
Watch out. Ahh!
- Sh--.
Oh, my God.
- Oh, my God.
Don't get hit by a car.
Wow, they go fast!
- Good morning, glory.
- Hi. What's wrong?
- I didn't sleep.
I couldn't sleep.
It was so boiling.
She had it at 76.
- 76? Jeez.
- Oh, I had my--
- Mine's at 68.
- I had my fan going
and the door open,
'cause I like it cold.
I'm gonna get dressed
and be back down.
- I'm gonna try to
close my eyes for a little bit.
- Oh.
- Look how cute this is.
I can't believe
we did not know this was here.
- I got off
on the wrong side, oops.
- Kyle, you didn't tell me
there were shops here.
- Isn't this adorable,
you guys?
- So cute. I love this.
- Yes!
- Let's get a crepe.
- Yes.
- I would like
a cold brew iced coffee.
- Do you have, like,
jalapeños or anything?
- Can't decide between a
pumpkin spice or a chai latte.
- I mean, I want everything.
- Thank you so much.
Thank you.
- I love this cute
little furniture.
- I know.
Kathy's calling.
I need to answer Kathy.
Hi.
- Hi. Do you have a straw,
by any chance, here,
for my shake?
- What? A straw?
- We'll bring one back.
- I need a straw
for the shake.
- For the shake.
Oh, she's got her shakes
that she drinks in the morning.
- I don't think I have a straw.
- Can you bring me
a straw and chia seeds?
- I'll go get her--
and chia seeds?
- No, I can't get chia seeds!
I can get you a straw.
- I need them.
- Oh, she is funny.
- Kathy.
I will get you a straw.
- Chia seeds and a straw.
Please. That's it.
That's all I ask.
- I'm on a bike.
I'm not in a car.
- Okay, but if anybody has
a straw or chia seeds,
I would really love it.
- Let me look in my purse.
Okay. Love you. Bye.
- Does she have somebody
at home
that takes care of her, like--
she always has,
like, a guy too.
- Well, don't forget
she's someone that also used
to live in the Waldorf Astoria.
Call down and have everything
sent right to her home.
I think she runs
like a hotel too.
- Yeah. Well, why wouldn't you?
- I mean,
your last name's Hilton.
- I think--I think
we're all just jealous.
- We are jealous!
I, for sure, am jealous!
- If we could sum up,
we just want Kathy's life.
- I like being self-sufficient.
- If you don't need
to be self-sufficient,
why wouldn't you just be Kathy?
- God, I felt--I just can't
stop thinking about Erika
and that conversation
last night.
- Oh, I know.
I know.
- Guys, can you imagine being
married to someone who's 81
and--and he's
been cheating on you?
- Well, I don't even think
that the age
has anything to do with it.
I mean, just the fact
that he would do it
and then be so mean to her.
She worked really hard to try
and paint a different picture.
- Of course. Yeah.
- And yet she still thinks
about protecting him.
- I know.
- Yep.
- I really hope that
someone is advising her,
someone's telling her, like,
"Erika, he's not gonna
protect you now,
so think about yourself."
- No, I think he's gonna do
the opposite.
I actually think he's
gonna try to take her down.
- Well, when he said,
"You pay the lawyer bills,"
that was an extra--
- Not even the lawyer bills.
- Well, but no spousal support.
- He asked the court
to terminate--
- You guys,
she's not getting a penny.
- I don't think
there's a penny to get.
- Well, that's
what I think it is.
- That's the problem.
- I think there's no money.
- Coming up...
- With any of the lawsuits,
did you have a heads-up?
Is that why you got divorced?
- That was fun.
- That was fun. Ah!
- I love it so much.
- I could do this every day.
- So we'll meet back up?
Yeah.
- We're playing croquet
a little later.
- Okay.
- Bye, girls!
- Oh, are you going back
to the hotel?
- Yeah, I'm gonna chill.
- Oh, okay.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Okay, so I'll see you
at croquet.
- Okay.
- I'm gonna go get myself
ready for croquet.
- Who wants to decorate
the Christmas tree?
Where is everybody?
- Well, yeah, that was been
my question for hours now.
- What do you mean?
Where's Erika?
- Asleep.
- Wait, Dorit, do you want
to run this to Kathy?
- Yes.
- She asked for straws?
- She asked for a straw
and chia seeds. Don't ask.
- And no, we didn't get
the chia seeds.
- I got to put these ornaments
on the tree.
- Oh.
We're decorating the tree?
Is that what's happening
right now?
- Yeah.
Oh, hi.
- Are you decorating the tree?
- We're decorating the tree.
So we're gonna play
a little croquet,
and then tonight
we're gonna have dinner.
- At my place.
- Yay!
- It's so pretty over there.
- Oh, good.
Now, Erika.
- Yeah?
- You have a house here.
- Yeah.
- Where is it--
- Tom does. Yeah, Tom does.
- Where is it?
- I've never--
I don't know
what this address is,
but it's here.
I have a few houses
I don't go to.
And one of them,
I'm a neighbor to Kyle.
- That's right!
- Oh, funny.
- You know that, right?
I've never been in it.
- Your name is
on the homeowner directory?
- Can I see that?
- Yeah, let me see
if I can find it.
- Find the homeowners thing.
I'd like to know.
- Oh, hi. You're awake.
- Yeah.
- We're on a scavenger hunt,
looking for a house.
- Oh, I just--let me
have some coffee first.
- I'm looking on the app
for the homeowners here.
Let me see if I have it here.
Hold on. Hold on.
There you are.
But our addresses
are not there,
just our phone numbers
and emails.
- See, I'd always been told
that we have a house here,
but I still don't have
any addresses
to where this house is.
- Have you ever been to it?
- No.
- How do you own a home
that you don't know
the address to
and you've never been there?
- No, I asked.
I asked about the home
or property in La Quinta,
and I never got
a straight answer.
- There's stuff
that gets bought
and you don't know sometimes.
It wasn't until I got divorced
that I found out
I was partial owner in two
minor league baseball teams,
so I get real into this.
- I do know
he doesn't spend time--
I mean,
I've never seen Tom here.
- Yeah, but somebody has
to be in this house.
- Oh!
- What, is the house
gonna sit closed?
- Can you imagine?
Okay, I'm not gonna tell you
what just went through my head.
- What, there's a whole
nother family down here?
- Oh, Lord, mercy.
- Oh, goddamn.
- I've already thought
of all of it.
- A woman.
- Yeah. I thought of all of it.
But then again, what do I know?
I don't ----ing know
where my house is.
- Well, just say, "I need
security to open up my house.
"I haven't been here
in a while,
"and I forgot where it is.
"I travel, and I have homes
all over, and I get confused.
In fact, I just remembered that
we have a place down here."
- "I've been in a hotel
like a damn fool!"
- Yeah, "I'm really mixed up."
- It wouldn't work
if I called,
but I bet if Kathy Hilton
called, it would work,
so I think that
she should pretend to be me,
and she'd probably get the
answer in, like, five minutes.
"You know, I travel a lot,
and I forgot the address."
- You know?
- Okay, I just sent a text
to the general manager
to give us the address.
Huh, well, let's see
if he responds.
- Let's see.
- Did you see
what it said today about
how he was hospitalized?
- Yeah, I don't even know
what that is.
- They're saying
that he was hospitalized
because he was sick,
so that's why he didn't know
what he was doing
and didn't pay those people,
I think is what it was saying.
I think it's the lawyers
stating that.
- I don't know what that is.
I don't know
where it comes from.
I read it this morning, though.
- Your mind must be
just racing right now.
- Yeah.
But it's good that you're here.
- Okay. So let's--
let's get ready for croquet.
- I'm ready.
- Crystal's gonna
meet us there.
- I'm gonna finish this.
- Okay.
- And I'll meet you there.
- Yeah. Okay.
Let's go, guys.
Kathy's gonna meet us there.
- Let's go!
- Okay. Let's go.
Let's do it.
♪ Let's do this ♪
- Rinna, you grew up
playing croquet.
You gonna help me set this up?
I don't have people
for this, guys.
- Siri, can you pull up
a croquet diagram for me?
- You're asking Siri?
- Yeah.
- Oh, my God.
- I don't remember
the rules of croquet at all.
- The object of the game
is to race your opponent
around the course of wickets
and hit the finishing stick
before your opponent.
- I just remember we had this
patch of lawn in our backyard,
and, for some reason,
we would play croquet.
Until we got a pool,
and we ripped out the grass,
and we never
played croquet again.
You're gonna come over here
and have to hit through here,
which doesn't really make
a whole lot of sense.
No, you have to wait a turn.
- So we gotta go here
and then aim that way.
- Yeah.
- With the stick in the way
like that?
That doesn't make any sense.
- I think that people
have this idea
that if people are
somewhat successful
and live
in a nice neighborhood
that they play croquet.
- I have no fricking idea
how to play croquet.
I've never done that
in my entire life.
croquet player.
- I still don't know
how to play.
- I have no idea.
- Aw, sh--!
- But I feel like just
getting out and doing something
is a good distraction
for Erika.
- Oh, sh--.
- Oh, look at Crystal!
- off, Crystal.
- I've never
played this before.
- Wasn't this supposed
to get me out of feeling bad?
I feel worse.
I just feel worse.
This was supposed to help me
feel good. I feel worse.
- Come on, Rinna!
- This is our version
of croquet.
I think we were supposed
to be counting our strokes.
- Hey! Oh, my God!
Wait! That's what you do?
- Destroy the croquet!
Destroy it!
Winner! Kyle buys dinner.
- Lookit, there's Kathy
right there.
- Oh, my God.
You missed the croquet.
- Hi, honey.
- You missed
an exhilarating game.
- Are we playing
"Duck, Duck, Goose"?
- No.
- Yes.
- Got here just in time.
- Just in time.
- Yeah, you missed
all the excitement.
- Did you get the straws
I left under your door?
- No. I didn't see them.
- I left you two straws
under your door.
- I probably stepped on them.
- And Garcelle
wasn't at the house?
Obviously not.
- No, I didn't see her.
- When does Garcelle get here?
- She's got an hour.
- She's getting in
at, like, 4:00-something.
And Garcelle is
staying at the hotel
'cause she didn't want
to stay at the house.
- I'll just stay with Garcelle.
- She didn't want to stay
at the house because of COVID.
Or maybe it's someone.
Who knows?
- Well...
- We'll find out tonight.
- Well, it could be both of us.
- Are you guys okay?
- Yeah, we're fine.
Listen, the way
we have put it is,
let it be, let us move on,
and take it one day at a time.
- Right.
- I just want you to know that
it's going to take some time.
- And I'm okay with that.
- So we're there.
- Okay.
We aren't where we used to be,
but you can't rush it.
And I also don't want
to force it.
So it is what it is.
- Did she every follow you back
on Instagram, out of curiosity?
- I don't know.
- Okay.
- I don't care.
I'm not sure.
I don't think so.
But again, I don't check,
so I don't know.
And I don't really want
to know.
But I doubt she has.
And I don't care.
- I know, because I check.
She's not following you.
She doesn't follow
either one of us, okay?
- It's a shame
not to follow me,
'cause I am ----ing funny.
- What time is now, 3:00?
- 3:00.
- A little after 3:00.
3:04.
- Okay, you guys,
let's go back to the house.
- All right.
- Garcelle is coming.
- How do I get up?
- I am not--
you are not using me.
- Would you like
to use my back?
- Yes!
- Coming up...
- You don't even know what
a broom looks like, probably.
- I do.
I ride one, darling.
- This is really bothering me,
that stain there.
- Where are
those COVID bitches?
- Oh, my God!
- I am not taking any chances
with any of you.
- Dorit, Kathy,
please come down here.
I cannot. No.
- I am not--
- That just scared the sh--
out of me!
Hilarious. See, this is
the Garcelle that I love.
Free, fun,
nonjudgmental Garcelle
having a good old time.
I love this Garcelle.
- I am disinfecting all of you.
- Okay.
- These bitches had COVID.
I'm not walking in there
without being prepared.
- What does this do?
- Turn around!
- Beep, beep, beep, beep!
- I'll hug you either.
- No, not me.
- We're not hugging.
We're, like--
- That suit could have
some germs on it.
- Yeah, we're not hugging.
- I'm heading to the hotel
to, uh,
get ready for dinner.
I'll see you guys later.
- All right.
I'll see you in a while.
- Hi.
- Hi!
Come in, pretty.
- Hi, honey.
- Oh, my God.
You look gorgeous.
- Thank you. So do you.
I like the black.
- Come sit. I'd offer you
a cocktail, but...
- That's okay. We have
plenty of time for that.
-
- How's it going?
- I feel like
it's been going really well.
I also feel like
I've been here for a week.
You missed a lot last night,
like, with Erika.
She really just wore her heart
on her sleeve last night.
It was just heartbreaking.
I mean, like, he's cheating.
- What?
- He's sick.
I mean, there's so much.
- That's shocking.
- It's really sad.
- Hold on.
Tom is cheating?
When she was at my house,
it was a different story.
So no third party on his part?
- Not that I know of.
- I don't know why
she wouldn't admit that to me,
you know, especially
knowing my background.
Wow, I can't believe she
talked about all that stuff.
- Yeah.
- Let's go eat.
I'm starving.
- Okay. Okay, let's go.
- It's next door,
so I don't need a mask.
- It's literally next door.
Yeah.
- Thank you so much.
Miss Erika. Erika.
- I'm coming.
- Hello?
- Hi. Come in.
- Hi!
- Erika.
- Oh, hi!
- There you are.
- Hi.
- Look at this room.
- You look amazing.
- I do not.
- This is a casita.
- It is.
Look at this whole thing, man.
- This is a mansion.
- Yeah.
- This is amazing.
- Hi, mama.
- All right,
let's have a drink.
Let's have a drink!
- Yes.
- Are you the bartender?
- It's such a compliment,
you guys want me
to make drinks.
I'm coming.
- She is great at it.
Erika.
- Yeah.
- Girl.
- I swear to God, what doesn't
break you makes you stronger.
- Really? I'm waiting.
- No, not yet.
- There they are.
- Hi.
- This view of this mountain
is amazing!
- Oh, how beautiful.
- Hi, my love.
- Nobody wanted to listen.
- Look at you.
You look gorgeous.
- So pretty. I love that green.
- Happy holidays.
And that's a color on you.
- Thank you.
- Oh, there's Miss Crystal.
- I asked her
to make the drinks.
- I think I'm gonna
try one of these.
- Cheers, you and me.
Cheers.
- Sitting?
- We're sitting.
- It's beautiful.
I love that.
I think I'm gonna--do you want
to move over just a hair?
- Yes, I will.
- You look beautiful.
- Thank you. You too.
- What a gorgeous group!
- Wait, who do you have?
You have Laia here?
- Yeah. 'Cause
she's with Tiago all day.
- Wait, they're all
in the back, in the casita?
- One person and my dog.
I don't have anybody anymore.
You know, I used
to have two housekeepers,
and I don't--I don't have
any of that, so...
- Right.
- Look.
I learned how to go
into a bank in March.
- What?
- Yeah.
I didn't know how to deposit.
I never had a debit card.
- We need to take care
of ourselves.
- But for 22 years,
it was not my life.
So there you go.
- I don't know how to use one.
I don't know.
Just give yourself
a little time.
- Yeah. It's a--
it's a whole new world.
Are you hungry?
- I am starving!
- I'm really ready
to eat dinner.
we had to order room service,
but it has arrived
in these bags.
- It's a sack dinner.
- So let's not be
too precious about it
and figure out what this is.
- Oh, my God.
I ordered a lot.
- This is hysterical.
I love this.
- It's a picnic.
- You know, this is
actually kind of cute.
- Oh, no.
I got salsa on my coat.
- I could eat, like,
double this food.
- Me too.
I like it that you eat.
- Oh, you missed last night.
- I heard a little bit.
- No, we were waiting for you.
We were excited
that you were coming.
- Aw, I'm so happy I came.
I'm sorry
I missed the night before.
- I made lasagna,
a big thing of bread.
Kathy goes,
"Do you need any help?"
You didn't help at all!
- I did.
I swept the kitchen.
- You swept it with a--
with a spatula.
What are you doing?
Kathy, that's for the barbecue,
and you're putting glass in it.
That's not a cleaning brush!
- I thought
it was a floor cleaner.
- You don't even know what
a broom looks like, probably.
- I do.
I ride one, darling.
- By the way, we Googled...
- Uh-huh.
- An address and found
one of your houses here.
- Look.
Even has a satellite view.
Wait, wait, wait. Right there.
- Oh, did he sell it?
- Oh.
-
- Is it the one close to you?
- It's less than a mile away.
But I don't think
you have it anymore.
I think that was sold.
- How can you sell that
without telling me?
- You can't.
And when they do the forensics,
they'll find it.
Forensics is super important.
That's how they can determine
what your spousal support is.
And in California,
your spouse's assets
are communal property.
- It said that it was sold
in 2018, I think.
- Huh, nice.
Thank you. Really?
- But, Erika,
almost more important
than your attorney is
your forensics team.
- Yes, it is.
- Especially with these--
like, these men.
- Yeah.
- Wow.
- Wait, to find out what?
I'm confused.
- It goes through all
of your financial history
to see, like, what exactly
the assets were.
- Something like
selling something in 2018,
which I wasn't aware of,
you know?
- Which she didn't know.
- Deep, deep, deep.
Like Turks and Caicos money.
- Like, anywhere offshore.
- Like show money?
- Yes.
- Offshore, through
different holding companies.
- Yes.
- Like, deep, deep, deep.
- Really?
- Yes.
- They can find any of it.
- Oh, yeah.
- Do you know of good people?
- Yes. I think so.
- You can hire
my ex-husband's team.
They're excellent.
- Big money, you want
to find out where it is.
- Yeah.
- Because you get half of it.
Right?
- Yeah.
- So you want to find out
where it is.
- You want to know exactly
where every single penny is.
- All right,
let's go around the table.
- Let's go around,
and one word that
you think of yourself. Go.
- I'm hardworking.
- Dorit, you forgot talkative.
- One word.
- I would say I'm honest.
- Oh, that's good.
- What's one word?
- There's too many.
- Narrow it down.
- I'm gonna--
- One.
- Proud.
- Oh!
- Oh, great!
Great word.
You. What's the one word
you say about you?
- I will say, um...
I don't know what's the word.
I can't think of a word, but--
- What would Confucius say?
- Oh, my God!
- Oh, shut up!
- She was related to him.
- Wait, you're related
to Confucius?
- Yeah, he is my ancestor.
I'm a descendant of Confucius.
- Oh, wow!
That's amazing.
- Oh, I thought you were
----ing being rude.
- No!
- She thought I was being rude!
- I thought she was being rude.
- Why, Kyle?
'Cause I'm Chinese?
'Cause I'm Asian?
- How did you discover
that you were a descendant?
- A descendant?
So my dad was
actually born in Qufu,
which is the village
where Confucius was born,
so we're, like, kind of
the first generation
to, like, be born
outside of the village.
- Oh!
- We actually have
the longest family tree
in the world.
- What?
- Yeah.
I'm one of the descendants.
76th generation.
- You.
- Eccentric.
- For sure.
- You didn't get a chance.
- I'll go.
- Would you like a chance?
- Yes. I'm tough.
But not in the sense of, like,
"I'm gonna kick your ass,"
but, like, mentally,
I'm really tough.
- My love, I think you and I
are very similar in to--
there's a hard shell,
but there's a very fragile
person inside.
- Totally.
- And I think, you know,
you've had
to fight your way up.
- And I'm not done.
- No, you're not done.
And I'm not worried about you.
You know, we will always
end up on top.
- Yes, Erika projects
this tough girl persona,
but you can only take so much.
-
- I am so tired.
- I mean,
will she come out on top?
I don't know.
- Ladies, thank you...
- Erika, thank you.
- For coming over.
- So hospitable.
- Get home safe, y'all.
- Coming up...
- I want you to see what
your mom is wearing right now.
- How are you?
- Oh, my God.
I have a headache.
I think maybe
I drank a little too much
last night.
- Oh, my God.
- Some of the girls
are going shopping.
I am not going shopping.
I'm gonna go hiking
with Crystal and Erika.
- No kidding.
- We're going shopping.
I'm so excited.
- You guys,
if I don't buy gifts
for my kids online today--
- You're doomed.
- Harry has got me stressed
I'm not gonna be able
to have gifts on time.
- Well, because Harry said,
if you don't get it now,
it's not coming.
- And if Harry says it,
I mean--
- If Harry says it...
- It's true.
- This man knows
about his shopping.
- Oh, my God.
Okay, I'm going to get ready.
- Wow, you guys.
This is beautiful.
- There is something special
to the desert.
- Yeah.
- God, if these people
came out their backyard,
they just look up on this.
- I know. That's every day.
- Stunning.
- So good.
- Yeah.
- There's, like,
little animals scurrying by.
- Oh, yeah?
- Uh-huh.
- As long
as they stay little.
My mom lived in Miami.
She was so afraid of lizards
that you couldn't even
open the door to get in it.
She'd be like, "Shut the door!
Shut the door!"
And I'm like, "Mom,
I'm still coming through it."
- Were there not any lizards
in Haiti, though?
- I don't remember
seeing lizards in Haiti.
- Did you spend a lot of time
in Miami?
- When my mom was alive,
for sure,
I spent more time there.
- Right.
When did she pass--
- How many are you?
- There's seven of us.
- What number are you?
- I'm the last of seven.
There's Maurice, Erose,
Gladys, Chantal, Elie...
Who am I missing?
I'm missing someone.
Oh, my God.
That's terrible.
- And where is everyone?
- Mainly Florida.
My sister Carol!
I forgot about her.
Oh, my God!
I love you, Carol.
Wow, you guys.
Look at this.
- Oh.
- Wow.
- This is so pretty, guys.
- Wow!
- Come on.
- Oh, that is pretty.
- This is amazing!
- Wow, you guys.
- Really pretty.
- See, wasn't that
worth it, guys?
Over shopping?
- Yeah.
- So happy
to be shopping today.
- And the weather's
so gorgeous!
- Such a pretty day.
- Gorgeous.
- I feel a little kick
in my step.
- Uh-oh.
- Well, let's go in here.
- Welcome, ladies.
- Hi there.
How are you?
- Hi!
- This is so cute.
- Ooh, this is groovy.
- Champagne for you,
if you'd like it.
- Oh, my gosh.
- That's very sweet.
- That is very nice.
- You need a sip of this?
- Yeah.
- You know what, Sutton?
- Let's--yeah.
- Happy holidays.
- You look like a vision with
your champagne with the berries
and your pink and--
- I'm very Palm Springs today.
- What am I?
- You're very houndstooth-y.
You're, like, foxhounding.
- I'm, like,
very British today.
- You're very British today,
darling.
Happy Christmas.
- Oh, my gosh.
Look at Kathy.
- Cute.
- Hi.
- Hi, honey, what's going on?
- It's snowing so much.
- It is?
- Mm-hmm.
- Hold on one second.
- Who is this? Nicky?
- Nicky.
- Nicky, I want you to see what
your mom is wearing right now.
- Nicky. Nicky.
- She doesn't listen!
- Vogue, vogue, vogue.
- I'm telling you.
And then all the girls
are like, "She looks great."
I'm like, "Yeah,
she's not your sister. Thanks."
- Do I look that silly?
- See, look at Nicky.
See, Nicky looks chic
even sitting at home.
She matches her Hermès pillows.
- With her coffee cup.
- That's kind of sickening.
- "Your outfit's awful. Bye."
She hung up on you.
- Bye? Well, that was--
my outfit--okay.
Well, you know what, I'm not--
I'm not at a fashion show.
- Well, you say that every day.
- It's a girls' trip
in the desert.
Who are we trying to impress?
Like, what, am I supposed
to be all dolled up?
- Garcelle and Crystal
and Erika coming,
or are they doing
their own thing?
- No, they're going
to clear their minds in a hike.
- Clear their minds?
- Yeah.
- What better way can you
clear your mind than shopping?
- Wow.
It's so peaceful.
- So what's going on?
- Nothing.
I want to find out about you.
- Well...
- Where are you at?
What are you--
what are you thinking?
Do you wake up in the morning
and go,
"What am I facing today"?
- Yeah.
It's a new story every day.
- Did something happen today?
- There's a hearing today
in Chicago.
I don't know what about yet.
I'll find out, but, you know.
- But you don't have
to be a part of all these--
- No. I'm not--I'm not being--
- And did he--
So his business
was his business,
and yours was yours.
Like, did you get an allowance?
Like, how did it work? Like--
- No, I didn't get
an allowance.
- Listen, I know that
I'm not supposed to ask people
about their finances...
How'd you get your money?
But no debit card,
no allowance?
It's killing me inside
not to ask her.
Did you guys share everything,
like, in terms of
both on the house,
both on finances?
- All of that is kept
very far away from me.
Credit cards.
Yeah, life was on credit cards.
And I would get cash from Tom.
He always had cash on,
so if I just needed some money,
I'd ask,
"Can I have some money?"
Tom was doing all of that,
so I'm not privy
to any of that.
- Oh. That's good.
- It's actually very good.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah. It keeps you away
from it.
- Well, it's not my business.
It's not my law firm.
- Right.
- I'm not a lawyer.
- Yeah.
With any of the lawsuits,
like, did you have a heads-up?
Is that why you got divorced?
- Coming up...
- Erika shared,
if you don't mind me saying,
that Tom calls her.
- Well, I do mind
you saying that,
'cause I feel like
you're betraying my friendship
right now, but please,
have your moment.
- With any of the lawsuits,
like, did you have a heads-up?
Is that why you got divorced?
- No, I did not.
This was a long time coming,
a long battle with someone
whose personality
has completely changed.
Three years ago,
he had a terrible,
terrible head injury.
- Really?
- Yes.
And there was a significant
shift in his personality,
his decision-making,
and who he is.
- He had a car accident
a few years ago.
- Right.
- Which is when
you started seeing signs.
- Oh! I just put that together.
- There was severe decline.
- Mm.
- And it comes down
to simple things,
like there was no conversation.
- Really?
- The conversations
that I used to have with him,
the back-and-forth,
was no longer.
The repetitive phrases,
the forgetting
what we were talking about.
I would hear the same stories
ten times in one day.
And if you said,
"Oh, I remember that"...
- Right.
- Rage.
- Sure.
- Wow.
- Like, I was a whipping boy.
- What do you mean?
- Just, he would
lay out on me anything.
It was the anger,
the frustration.
I took it all.
- Wow.
- That kind of thing--
like, I watched this--
my grandmother had Alzheimer's,
so I watched that,
and I was like,
"(BLEEP), I know what this is.
Like, I saw this."
- Wow.
- And I think that
he denied it to himself.
Like, "This isn't happening."
- Yes.
- You know, how your dad--
- Same thing.
- Her father had Alzheimer's.
- Oh.
- It's so horrible.
It's like being a prisoner
in your house.
You had to leave,
because the caretaker,
the people taking it,
are the ones who really suffer.
- Yeah.
- They decline. They get sick.
And my mom was, like-
just, like, in a mental, like--
- Oh, I bet.
I'm so ----ed up mentally.
- Yeah. It was three years
too long that you had to stay.
- This is sad.
- So if all those things
truly happened that they're
saying happened, do you think
it's because mentally,
things were in decline?
- Yeah. I do.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- I don't think that--
- Intentionally.
- No.
- Got it.
- Part of true brain trauma
is making decisions
that you wouldn't
normally make.
It's hard to watch someone
go through this.
And there is nothing
I can do to help.
- Yeah.
- That's gotta be frustrating.
- I tried. He doesn't listen.
He's resisting everything.
Still to this day.
Well, from what I'm told.
When I came home
from Broadway,
we kind of had a reconnection,
'cause we would eat dinner
together every night.
But things had
definitely changed.
He was changing rapidly.
And the refusal to acknowledge
anything that was happening.
- I'm so sorry.
- The calls I was getting
from his lawyers at the firm.
One of his lawyers
crying on the phone to me,
"We have to do something.
We have to do something."
What is it that we can do?
- Shall we?
- Yeah, let's do it.
Such a bizarre ending
to a career,
you know.
- Since we're not
going shopping,
maybe we can have a mimosa.
- After this sh--,
yeah, I want some liquor.
- By the way, it will pass.
It's just right now.
- Right, I just wish
that all of this pain
that he's in would stop
for him.
And that--turn in the Bar card,
let's work it out, you know?
Like, obviously,
I have not talked to him,
and I cannot talk to him.
- Right. Right.
- Even though
he calls me every day.
He does?
- Mm-hmm.
That's another hard part of it.
- Oh.
- I had to ask my attorney
to call his attorney to say,
"Please stop calling Erika."
Tom is in legal jeopardy,
and I cannot talk to him.
And if I am asked,
"When was the last time
you spoke to him?"
I have to be able to say,
you know, the day I left,
which is the truth.
You know, it's just horrible.
"I love you.
Miss you.
Come home.
Are you sure?"
- Can you imagine?
- Like, stop. You gotta stop.
You have to stop, honey.
You need help.
- Wow.
- And I can't give it.
- Yeah. I'm so sorry.
- God.
- Thank you.
- Ooh, it's actually--
it's later than I thought.
- What time is it now?
- It's 2:00.
- Oh. You beat us.
- I sure did.
How beautiful is this view?
- I mean, this is such a
pretty, pretty, pretty place.
- It really is.
- Hello!
Hello, ladies.
- Hey.
- Hello, ladies!
- Hi.
What'd you buy?
Did anybody buy me anything?
No.
- Just a few little things,
you know.
- How was your hike?
- It's actually very pretty.
- Yeah.
- Was it beautiful?
- We were, like,
in the mountains.
- Okay, I gonna go potty.
- I'm changing.
- Okay, so Kathy's
picking up tacos,
but I'm gonna
set some stuff out.
Um, is that good?
- We can get down
with some desserts.
- Yeah, I'm like--
I can eat whatever.
- Desserts? Okay.
Let me get on it.
- You sharing
that Tom calls you
is the saddest thing I've--
- Yeah, it's bad.
- Whew!
Do you feel like saying,
"Stop the train.
I want to get off"?
- I'd like to get off.
- Oh, wait.
Wait. Uh-oh. Why?
- You really would want
to get off this one.
- Oh, my God, she has
the man with the tacos.
-
Of course! Kathy.
- You make me happy, darling.
- Hi, Kathy.
What'd you get?
- Did you?
I love tacos.
- Kathy does nothing
that isn't extra.
She can't just buy,
like, eight tacos.
She has to buy, like, 58 tacos.
- I'm having a taco.
- Kyle, will you
spend Christmas here?
- I'll be in Aspen
for Christmas.
- I will be in Hancock Park
in my little abode.
- Are you gonna put up a tree?
Are you doing that?
- I was just gonna say that.
- Someone gave me a pink tree
to put up.
- They did?
- Oh, how cute.
- Oh, good!
- Yeah.
Yeah, just, I needed something
to feel fun and light.
You know, just the whole
lighten up the mood, and--
- What was
the latest development
that you were saying?
- I'm waiting
for, um, a transcript.
I'm waiting.
I think I know what it is,
but I want to make sure that
I know what it is before I say.
I have to be careful here,
because when you're talking
about lawyers being involved,
it's always best to be quiet
and keep it very, very,
very close to the vest.
And oftentimes, that doesn't
satisfy people's curiosities,
but it is, in fact,
your best interest.
I may go back early.
I'm not gonna lie, you guys.
- Oh, are you?
- I might.
Depending on what news I get,
I may go back early.
- I get it. I'll go with you,
if you need company.
- I may need to go deal
with some sh--.
- Erika shared,
if you don't mind me saying,
that Tom calls her.
- Well, I do mind
you saying that,
'cause I feel like
you're betraying my friendship
right now,
but please, have your moment.
Go ahead.
Go ahead, babe.
- No, I don't want to do it
like that.
- So let me
tell the ----ing story.
Tom calls me all the time.
I won't take his calls.
And you got it out of me once,
and now you want
to do it again.
- That's not my intention.
I don't--
- Don't ----ing sugarcoat it.
- Erika shared,
if you don't mind me saying,
that Tom calls her.
- Tom calls me all the time.
I won't take his calls.
And you got it out of me once,
and now you want
to do it again.
- That's not my intention.
I don't--
- Don't ----ing sugarcoat it.
- I have seen Erika
lose her temper.
- She didn't kill your child.
- Shut the up.
Let me finish, Dorit.
You talk a lot.
- You don't talk enough.
- I say important sh--.
You say too much boring sh--.
It's possible.
- You pretending that
it's fully amnesia right now
is confusing.
- Don't ever,
ever do that to me.
- I don't even know
why she is so upset.
But when Erika gets triggered,
she goes from 0 to 100.
- We were walking back.
You said that.
You shared with us.
What the (BLEEP)?
She's been so open.
She talked about
Tom cheating on her.
She talked about something
changed in his brain makeup.
This is what
I would never want to do
is that look on her face,
looking at me right now.
And so for me
to mention Tom calling her,
why would that set her off?
- I was
sharing a private moment,
something that I haven't said.
Sometimes not everything
is up for discussion.
Just because someone tells me
something about one of you
does not mean
I'm bringing it up.
I've been very open.
- Yes, you have.
- And very honest.
So I think that was dirty.
- Erika.
- You know.
- I get
you're going through a lot.
I totally understand.
I've said to you
the fact that--
- But you didn't have
to do it twice, Garcelle.
You did it once.
You didn't have to do it again.
You did it twice.
- Okay.
- You know?
- I'll own it.
- You already got it once.
- Got it.
- You didn't have to do it
in front of them.
Once was enough.
- Got it.
I thought she wanted
to share it with the group.
I didn't think me asking Erika
about Tom calling her
to the friends
that she's known the longest
was a big deal.
- There's only so--
that I can take right now,
you guys.
I...
- It's okay.
-
I-I just want to go
to the bathroom for...
A minute.
- It's just a lot right now.
I mean, obviously--
- I don't know.
- No, she shared it with us.
But you had already
got in the car when she said,
"I don't want
to talk about it."
So you didn't hear that.
- Oh, okay.
- I think if someone
shares something and says,
"You know, listen,
I don't want to talk about it,"
or if she gave you
an indication--
- But you're making it like
I did this intentionally,
and it's not--
and it's not the truth.
- No, I know, 'cause
you were in the car already.
You did not hear.
I know that.
- I would never want
to hurt her.
She's already
going through a lot.
I would never want to do that,
but I never got told not to.
- This is a misunderstanding.
I knew Erika didn't want
to talk about this,
so when Garcelle
brought it up...
And it just went
to the worst possible place.
If you were there with me,
I know you would have been
like me and not said anything.
- No, I didn't know.
- No, I know.
- Wait, I'm confused.
What did Garcelle ask
that was so bad?
People don't react
to questions like that
unless something else
is happening.
- Next time on
"The Real Housewives
of Beverly Hills"...
- It's real, isn't it?
- It's vintage Cartier.
- You're so ----ing rich.
Hey, let's play a game.
- Games always lead to trouble.
Great!
Rinna shared with us today
that Harry has acrylic nails.
- Oh, my God!
- Oh, God.
It's implying that
Erika was complicit.
- They used the word
"Ponzi scheme."
- It's almost as if
we've not known her at all.
- I'm not sure
I want to be around Erika
during this time.